The biggest gap that I see is where organizations,
they are mistaking this work that they're doing
for actual output.
So at the board level, we have all of these kind of,
we're investing in AI initiatives,
but when you think about the ground floor
and where we're actually working,
there's a lot of fragmentation still,
and data scientists and analysts
are working with different tools.
And until an organization is employing data science
to the level where they can actually
base their business decisions on,
they'll always kind of be stuck
in this experimentation phase.
And so that's the biggest gap I think organizations
need to think about.
They're delivering really good value
in terms of speeding up your productivity,
being able to automatically code,
being able to generate things
that have a lot of that high frequency.
And when you start thinking about agents,
it's not so much, can an agent do this?
Where it falls apart is fitting that
into your actual environment.
So thinking about your governance,
the different tools that you're working with,
your whole environment as an organization.
Can your agents actually adapt
to your organization's environment?
And so that's the biggest part
where I feel like they fail.
The organizations that are really successful with that
are treating it more like a spectrum
rather than this kind of binary automate everything
or just do manual processes.
So they're really looking at it
from two different decisions.
One, do I have this process
that has high frequency and low risk?
Yes, let's automate this.
Do we have this other process
that might be more ambiguous in terms of the result
and also has a lot of risk involved in that?
That's where you still want that human in the loop.
And so we're not looking at everything
as automate everything, throw it in there,
or we're doing everything by hand.
We really have to look at it from a spectrum.
Yeah.
It's not seeing your data science and AI organizations
as kind of like this experimentation kitchen.
It's really embracing AI and data
as an organizational product,
embedding that into your workflows
and essentially making that a repeatable process.
It might be one thing to take a model
and be able to put it into production,
but how easy is it for you
to take more of your data science workflows
and spread that across the organization and really scale?
And unless those organizations are really looking at it
from a holistic view,
you're always going to be stuck in experimenting,
prototyping, and not really getting things
to that production level.